Another thing that's new with six functions is something referred to as the name property.
So essentially what this means is that whenever you make a function typically before iOS 6 it was kind
of a pain due to all of the different ways that you can define a function and due to the fact that so
many people still use anonymous function.
Sorry it stresses me.
It can make things like reading a stack trace very difficult very hard to know.
So now every single function in each six or beyond program has a built in name property.
And as we already know functions are objects that's why they can have properties on them.
So for example I could have a function that says do something and then I can do whatever I want with
it.
I'm just going to leave it blank for now and then I can have maybe like a function expression that says
do something else assign a function to it like so then I can just cancel that log the name property.
So instead of invoking the I'm just going to reference the function itself and access its name property.
Copy and paste this like so and then I'm going to add else to this so you can see whenever I actually
cancelled or log this.
It prints out the name of the function.
So in this case this is the name that I explicitly gave it in my declaration.
And in this case that is the name of the variable to which I assigned my anonymous function.
So very very helpful property that will help making deciphering things like stack traces much easier.